Current release notes (0.07)
  
 There're no new utils in this release. Main thing that happened: asmutils
 have been ported to FreeBSD (yes, libc works too :). Half of them do not
 work (Linux dependent ones, like chvt, ps, reboot, ..), but half of them
 does (like basename, cat, echo, etc..). All was done almost WITHOUT utils
 source code changes, (except few badly written utils), all changes were on
 macro level. This is still the work in progress though.
     
 I have launched them only on FreeBSD 3.2. I do not know whether they run on
 older/newer versions. Also utils behavior was not thoroughly tested, so some
 weird bugs may exist.. Enjoy :)
     
 Ah.. Yes, asmutils still work on Linux :-)
     
 Good news are that now I can claim that it is possible to port asmutils
 (well, at least some of them) to any ELF/i386 based system just by providing
 OS dependent include file with OS dependent definitions (syscall numbers, etc),
 and a couple of lines in makefile and system.inc.
     
 If you are interested in asmutils running on your Unix, I am willing to help.
 However I need that distribution, so you will have to donate me CD's (do not
 ask me to download it from the net!). Drop me a mail if you are interested.

0.06 release notes
  
 A lot of new utils were added, and existing were improved.
 Main contributors for this release are Dmitry Bakhvalov
 and Cecchinel Stephan (thanks, guys!).
     
 Assembly libc is up, and it's already possible to link a simple
 program against it. Plenty of functions are missing, but just the
 fact gives the hope ;) One of the outstanding features of this libc
 (of course except the size and the speed) is that it will be
 possible to use both cdecl and fastcall compiled programs WITHOUT
 libc recompilation, i.e. calling convention will be configured at
 RUNTIME (!). How can it be done?? Well, remember that everything is
 possible with assembly language ;)
     
 Full list of utils in 0.06 release (total of 50):

	arch basename cat chmod chroot chvt deallocvt df dmesg domainname
	echo eject factor false grep halt hosname httpd id kill ln ls
	lsmod lzss md5sum mkdir more mount nc poweroff ps pwd rc6crypt
	reboot rmdir rmdsum rmmod sleep softdog strings swapoff swapon
	sync tee true umount uname update wc yes
       
 GNU compliant utils:

	arch basename echo factor false pwd sleep sync tee true uname yes

 Almost GNU compliant utils:

	chroot mkdir wc

 Please note that this compliance mainly affects command line
 options support; behavior is not well tested, however it SEEMS to
 be the same. You are especially encouraged to use and test them :)
 Long options like --version and --help are not supported.
